br: cluster in-place upgrade to v7.2.0 might encounter cross-version faulure. (#20346) (#20357)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-overview.md

> **Note:**
>

> > Known issue: Starting from version v7.2.0, some system table fields in newly created clusters are case-sensitive. However, for clusters that are **upgraded online** from versions earlier than v7.2.0 to v7.2.0 or later, the corresponding system table fields remain case-insensitive. Backup and restore operations involving system tables between these two types of clusters might fail. For more details, see [Issue #43717](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/43717).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Known issue: Starting from version v7.2.0, some system table fields in newly created clusters are case-sensitive. However, for clusters that are **upgraded online** from versions earlier than v7.2.0 to v7.2.0 or later, the corresponding system table fields remain case-insensitive. Backup and restore operations involving system tables between these two types of clusters will fail. For more details, see [Issue #43717](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/43717).
```

> The following table lists the compatibility matrix for full backups. Note that all data in the table comes from newly created clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the compatibility matrix for full backups. For clusters upgraded from a version prior to v7.2.0 to v7.2.0 or later, their behavior is consistent with that of backups from v7.1.0.
```

| v7.5.0    | v7.5.0 and later | -                 |
| v8.1.0    | v8.1.0 and later | -                 |

> The following table lists the compatibility matrix for log backups. Note that all data in the table comes from newly created clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the compatibility matrix for log backups. For clusters upgraded from a version prior to v7.2.0 to v7.2.0 or later, their behavior is consistent with that of backups from v7.1.0.
```
